[Hackathon] Ionization docs fixes (#5270)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/theory/multiphysics/ionization.rst

Empirical Extension to Over-the-Barrier Regime for Hydrogen
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> For hydrogen, WarpX offers the modified empirical ADK extension to the Over-the-Barrier (OTB) published in :cite:t:`mpion-zhang_empirical_2014` Eq. (8) (note that there should not be a minus sign).

Reviewer: Just for clarity:
```suggestion
For hydrogen, WarpX offers the modified empirical ADK extension to the Over-the-Barrier (OTB) published in :cite:t:`mpion-zhang_empirical_2014` Eq. (8) (note there is a typo in the paper and there should not be a minus sign in Eq. 8).
```
